Instagram: https://instagram.com/promoguyus
Tiktok: https://tiktok.com/@promoguy
Twitter: https://x.com/promoguyus
Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/@promoguyus
(800) 896-3456
info@JoinPromoGuyPlus.com
7768 Cumming Hwy, Canton, GA 30115



Whop landing page:
https://whop.com/promoguyplus/?a=digitalartlab

Whop
Home
Discover
Messages
1
Notifications
Start selling
Affiliates
Profile



Unmute

Unmute

PromoGuy Plus
Join the Best Community of Profitable +EV Bettors
Join PromoGuy Plus for expert betting picks, tools, and community insights. With $100K+ tracked profits, we cover all US states.


Join 908 people
5.0 stars (52)
See what other people are saying

Javan Drummond
Joining this betting Discord has been a game-changer! Thanks to the expert insights and strategies shared, I've gained valuable knowledge and seen consistent profits. I highly recommend it to anyone serious about betting success!

Written Nov 9, 2024, 1 month after purchase

jdweaver23
A revolutionary discord for anyone who is serious about understanding how to be a better sports bettor. I've learned so much from the exposure of the contributors and others within the community they've built. There is a system and it absolutely works. I've consistently increased my unit size over t...

Written Oct 9, 2024, 1 year after purchase
Read more

david hayward
Teaches everything your need to know about ev betting. Well worth the price. Been here since it opened years ago

Written Oct 9, 2024, 1 year after purchase

AlsoYes
Not just a picks discord, but teaches you to be better and to make your own picks based on math, not gut. Love it!

Written Jun 5, 2024, 7 months after purchase

Alex Harris
I’ve learned a ton from being in this discord, great plays from the contributors and access to resources to make mathematically sounds bets!

Written Jun 4, 2024, 6 months after purchase

David Hermann
Contributors do a great job with posting timely and providing supporting calculation. Contributors and community are very helpful in understanding the math supporting each play and understanding why it makes sense plus they are always timely and thorough with answering any questions.

Written Jun 4, 2024, 5 months after purchase

ryancmunson
Best community out there. Fun, light and everyone behind each other. PG and his contributors are extremely helpful and always available for questions.

Written Mar 3, 2024, 8 months after purchase

Evan Smith
Very helpful and knowledgeable group, definitely the place to be for +EV

Written Dec 29, 2023, 17 days after purchase

David Kurronen
Just started, easy to navigate and learn.

Written Nov 11, 2023, 2 hours after purchase

bdub312
+EV plays from these guys equals +money in your account! Remember gambling is always a risk anyone telling you they hit 95% is capping, PromoGuy team keeps it honest they win some they lose some they just use calculations to win more than they lose. They got it down to a science, like bill nye but f...

Written Nov 8, 2023, 4 months after purchase
Read more
Here's what you'll get
intro
Join our Discord for exclusive betting insights and community discussions.
Guess The Score
Engage with fellow bettors and predict scores to win in our vibrant community.
Whop Wheel
Spin the Whop Wheel for exciting prizes and boosts, exclusively for members.

Learn about me
PromoGuy
@promoguyus • Joined Jun 2023
Send creator a message...
PromoGuyUS is a group of +EV Betting experts dedicated to giving you the best picks at the best price. Our discord is suitable for beginners and advanced bettors. As of December 2023, we have transparently tracked 30 consecutive profitable months with more than $60k in total profits.

Who this is for
Avid Sports Bettors
Looking to maximize your betting edge with expert insights and profitable strategies.
State-Specific Bettors
Want tailored boosts and plays specific to your state’s legal betting options.
Value-Driven Gamblers
Interested in consistently profitable plays and leveraging sportsbook promos.
Pricing
Join PromoGuy Plus
$19.00 / month
+$1.00 Initial fee
+2 options
Access to 5 contributor channels with daily +EV picks.
Comprehensive betting tools to create your own plays.
Participate in our active Discord community of bettors.
State-specific evaluations for betting boosts.
Track $90K+ profits with our transparently recorded plays.
Frequently asked questions

I have subscribed. What next?

How do I access the betting tools?
Reviews

Javan Drummond
Joining this betting Discord has been a game-changer! Thanks to the expert insights and strategies shared, I've gained valuable knowledge and seen consistent profits. I highly recommend it to anyone serious about betting success!

Written Nov 9, 2024, 1 month after purchase

jdweaver23
A revolutionary discord for anyone who is serious about understanding how to be a better sports bettor. I've learned so much from the exposure of the contributors and others within the community they've built. There is a system and it absolutely works. I've consistently increased my unit size over t...

Written Oct 9, 2024, 1 year after purchase
Read more

david hayward
Teaches everything your need to know about ev betting. Well worth the price. Been here since it opened years ago

Written Oct 9, 2024, 1 year after purchase

AlsoYes
Not just a picks discord, but teaches you to be better and to make your own picks based on math, not gut. Love it!

Written Jun 5, 2024, 7 months after purchase

Become an affiliate
30% Reward
Earn money by bringing customers to PromoGuy Plus. Every time a customer purchases using your link, you'll earn a commission.

Report this company
PromoGuy Plus
$19.00 / month
+2 options


------

00:00:00	[Applause] welcome to promo guy your go-to resource for online sports betting promos and picks our team have experience Bettors are here to mathematically make you money using sign up bonuses odds boosts and casino promotions we have transparently tracked 24 consecutive months of profits adding up to over forty six thousand dollars in account basically we do the math you make the cash visit promoguy.us to learn more about our plus EV betting strategy then check out our free picks posted on Twitter at promo guy Mi and join our VIP

00:00:33	Discord group for even more insights and more picks so come along with the thousands of others who follow us and let's boost your bank roll today foreign

--------
00:00:00	hey guys welcome back to promo guide today we'll be diving into sports Eno a free-to-play social sports book and casino where you can make predictions in your favorite sports and redeem exciting prizes available in almost every US state we'll review how the registration process works their welcome bonus how to make Sports predictions their VIP Club how to make redemptions and more so with that being said let's jump right into it [Music] [Music] to open a sports Xeno account all you have to do is head over to the

00:00:40	description of this video where you'll find a link that will take you to the registration page once there just fill in your details or if you want to choose to sign up with your Google or Facebook accounts which I highly suggest you do after this is done you'll receive an email from sportsin to verify you're creating an account so head over there and click confirm when when your email is verified you'll also be asked to confirm your phone number as well now both of these steps are requirements to open your account but

00:01:09	they're also the first thing you have to do to unlock Sports ino's massive free welcome bonus of seven sweeps coins and 170,000 gold coins available at the time of this recording now that we're inside Sports Eno let's take a look at all they've got to offer first things first we have to discuss their Website Layout which is very organized the blue tones are very calming and everything is just at the reach of a click making it super easy to navigate their social Casino section is a bit less crowded than the Sportsbook

00:01:41	tabs but overall I have to agree it's a very intuitive and friendly website on their Casino section you can pick gains on the top of the screen arranged on popularity or according to the type of game it is while the sports book has a f menu displayed on the left side of the screen where you can pick the market or League you want at the moment sporino doesn't have an app but they offer an optimized mobile version you can enter through your mobile browser this is very practical to claim their daily login

00:02:07	bonuses on the go and it works very fast available for Android and iOS users so everyone can access it freely what I love about this site is the variety of options you have to make predictions going from classic sports like American football soccer baseball and basketball to lesser known sports like gelic hurling squash kabati Bondi and more besides all the major US leagues are here as well you can make predictions like 1 time two exact score double chance first goal odd even spread and more on the other hand their Casino

00:02:40	section features mostly Casino style slots with over 100 options like megaways and Holden win but there's also crash and bingo as well now being a social sports book at sporino you make predictions with two different currencies the first one is gold coins which you can earn with free daily bonuses challenges giveaways and and events or if you want you could also purchase packs at the coin store using MasterCard visa and discover debit and credit cards the first one is gold coins which you can earn with free daily

00:03:10	bonuses challenges giveaways and events or if you want you can also purchase packs at the coin store using MasterCard Visa discover debit and credit cards right now they have a great first purchase offer of 1.3 million gold coins plus 35 free sweeps coins for only $19.99 USD giving you a 50% extra boost these gold coin packs might come with some gifts of sweep State coins as you can see which is the second virtual currency available at sporino that you can play with and then redeem your winnings for very cool real prizes like

00:03:44	gift cards and more just keep in mind you need to have a minimum of 50 sweeps coins and have verified your account details already a great thing about sporino is that unlike other social Sports books this one takes less time to process payments and redemptions with the first ones being instant and the latter taken up to 24 hours max as I mentioned before you can use MasterCard visa and discover debit and credit cards for both payments and redemptions moving on another cool thing you'll find at sports youo is the league

00:04:14	of Champions VIP program which you can enter as you play on the site this VIP has five suble Leagues with different benefits the first one is the house league and it includes an additional daily bonus and it climbs all the way to the allstars League which includes a daily bonus weekly deal birthday bonus personal coach weekly bonus exclusive bonus and a status freeze lastly I want to give a shout out to their customer support despite not having live chat sports Ceno replies within an hour through their email and

00:04:46	ticket submissions they also have a very complete FAQ tab which is also of great help however keep in mind that they only offer customer support in English overall sportsin is a social sports book with plenty of features and it's not overly complicated or difficult to access like other sites despite a few cons like the lack of live chat or mobile app sporino makes up for in the quality of their social sports book and casino with one of the largest welcome bonuses out of any other site so remember if you want to register and get

00:05:16	started just head over to the link down in the description of this video we at promo guide do the homework for you so you can find all updated offers and bonuses available on our site promo guy. us thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video [Applause]


-------
https://youtube.com/shorts/0pWto2nOnrc?si=jbrP1kb_a3OAfUU5
00:00:00	2024 saw another phenomenal year of profits with the promo guy plus Discord in 2024 the promo guy plus Community turned EV betting into serious profits let's break it down our top contributors raked in an average of over $3,600 per month and had jaw-dropping parlays hit that became the talk of the community most of all our top contributors had consistent EV wins that stacked a month after month after month after month every bet told a story whether it was a perfectly executed straight bet or a well-crafted parlay the profits spoke

00:00:35	for themselves this year wasn't just about winning it was about growing profits in building a smarter betting community and we knocked both goals right out of the park so are you ready to stack your wins join the promo guy plus Discord and make 2025 your most profitable year yet visit the link in our bio or head to prog guy. us and use promo code what a year to join for 50% off

----------
00:00:00	ever wonder what separates positive EV betting from Arbitrage betting let's break it down positive EV betting or positive expected value betting is all about finding the odds in your favor you're betting where the math says you'll win over time spotting mistakes or having inside info it's a high-risk High reward strategy you won't win every bet but if you're sharp you will profit in the long run on the flip side Arbitrage betting secures a guaranteed profit no matter who wins you bet on all outcomes across different sports books

00:00:29	with mismatched odds with Arbitrage betting the risk is low and the profit is immediate but it's a game of speed precision and access to multiple Sports books so what's the difference in the long run positive EV betting plays the long game while Arbitrage betting locks in quick safe wins if you're looking to maximize your betting strategy this NFL football season join promo guy. us the best betting Community for profitable sports betting start winning today by clicking the link in our bio or heading

00:00:58	to promo guy. us



